sql/README.md, before:

Spark SQL
=========

This module provides support for executing relational queries expressed in either SQL or the DataFrame/Dataset API.

Spark SQL is broken up into four subprojects:
 - Catalyst (sql/catalyst) - An implementation-agnostic framework for manipulating trees of relational operators and expressions.
 - Execution (sql/core) - A query planner / execution engine for translating Catalyst's logical query plans into Spark RDDs.  This component also includes a new public interface, SQLContext, that allows users to execute SQL or LINQ statements against existing RDDs and Parquet files.
 - Hive Support (sql/hive) - Includes extensions that allow users to write queries using a subset of HiveQL and access data from a Hive Metastore using Hive SerDes. There are also wrappers that allow users to run queries that include Hive UDFs, UDAFs, and UDTFs.
 - HiveServer and CLI support (sql/hive-thriftserver) - Includes support for the SQL CLI (bin/spark-sql) and a HiveServer2 (for JDBC/ODBC) compatible server.

Running `./sql/create-docs.sh` generates SQL documentation for built-in functions under `sql/site`, and SQL configuration documentation that gets included as part of `configuration.md` in the main `docs` directory.

Commit message:

[MINOR][DOCS] Update doc `sql/README.md`
### What changes were proposed in this pull request?
The pr aims to update doc `sql/README.md`.

### Why are the changes needed?
After https://github.com/apache/spark/pull/41426, We have added a subproject `API` to our `SQL moudle`, so we need to update the doc `sql/README.md` synchronously.

### Does this PR introduce _any_ user-facing change?
Yes, make the doc clearer and more accurate.

### How was this patch tested?
Manually test.

### Was this patch authored or co-authored using generative AI tooling?
No.

Closes #47476 from panbingkun/minor_docs.

Authored-by: panbingkun <panbingkun@baidu.com>
Signed-off-by: Hyukjin Kwon <gurwls223@apache.org>

sql/README.md, after:

Spark SQL
=========

This module provides support for executing relational queries expressed in either SQL or the DataFrame/Dataset API.

Spark SQL is broken up into five subprojects:
 - API (sql/api) - Includes some public API like DataType, Row, etc. This component can be shared between Catalyst and Spark Connect client.
 - Catalyst (sql/catalyst) - An implementation-agnostic framework for manipulating trees of relational operators and expressions.
 - Execution (sql/core) - A query planner / execution engine for translating Catalyst's logical query plans into Spark RDDs.  This component also includes a new public interface, SQLContext, that allows users to execute SQL or LINQ statements against existing RDDs and Parquet files.
 - Hive Support (sql/hive) - Includes extensions that allow users to write queries using a subset of HiveQL and access data from a Hive Metastore using Hive SerDes. There are also wrappers that allow users to run queries that include Hive UDFs, UDAFs, and UDTFs.
 - HiveServer and CLI support (sql/hive-thriftserver) - Includes support for the SQL CLI (bin/spark-sql) and a HiveServer2 (for JDBC/ODBC) compatible server.

Running `./sql/create-docs.sh` generates SQL documentation for built-in functions under `sql/site`, and SQL configuration documentation that gets included as part of `configuration.md` in the main `docs` directory.
